README.md, before:

# DaydreamExperiencesArchive
By the death of the Google virtual reality platform called Daydream, a bunch of great Games / Experiments that were downloadable from the Google Play store just disappear from it, leaving customer with an empty virtual reality catalog. This Repo is here to Archive those Games that we lost the ability to play / enjoy !

If you want to discuss about this Repo / Daydream join us on the r/daydream subreddit !
### The goal of this is not to get cracked apps, It's to have a place where we can put games/apps that are not on the play store anymore (like 50% of good daydream games)

made with 💙

## Games / Experiments available:
### [Blade Runner: Revelations](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.2.1295)
Blade Runner: Revelations is a 2018 VR game developed by Seismic Games and published by Alcon Entertainment for the Google Daydream.
The game takes place in 2023 Los Angeles and follows the player character, Blade Runner Harper, in an investigation into the human-replicant conflict.
### [![Blade Runner: Revelations download Button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blade%20Runner%3A%20Revelations-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.2.1295) [![Blade Runner: Revelations Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-red)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqnSBgSSr7A)

### [Fantastic Beasts](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.0)
Delve into Newt Scamander’s magical world through an immersive virtual reality experience. Inspired by the narrative of J.K. Rowling’s latest tale, Framestore VR Studio scripted the Fantastic Beasts experience for the new Google Daydream to make the user truly feel like the protagonist: a wizard with a wand in their hand, able to cast spells and control their environment, whilst tending to their Graphorn, Erumpent and Thunderbird beasts.
### This game / app is still available on the Play Store, so please if you like it, consider buying it on the Play Store

### [![Fantastic Beasts PS download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Play%20Store-Download-important)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wb.goog.fantasticbeasts.experience) [![Fantastic Beasts download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fantastic%20Beasts-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.0) [![Fantastic Beasts Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-informational)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=888J6oj4u_U)

### [Ultrawings]()
Ultrawings is the first open-world flight simulation game that allows you to use your virtual hands to fly different types of aircraft. Take part in various missions in a beautiful world with islands!
### [![Ultrawings download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ultrawings-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.048) [![Ultrawings Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-informational)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjC0p_RJDBM)

### [Wands](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.3.3.2)
WANDS® is a first person VR experience that offers fast paced magic duels against other players online. Equip your wand with a wide variety of spells and battle other Wielders for fame, power and glory in the fantastic realms of The Beyond. Explore new spells and hone your skills in your secret workshop in between battles.
### [![Wands download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wands-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.3.3.2) [![Wands Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-orange)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATRv_Ewj-SA)

### [Untethered](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.0.1rc3)
Unravel the mystery of Untethered, a Daydream exclusive and also quirky episodic VR series mixing comics and radio drama, into a videogame you can talk to. Using your own voice to talk to characters, and also your trusty laser pointer arm to interact with the world.
### [![Untethred VR download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Untethered-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.0.1rc3) [![Untethred VR Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-yellow)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0ruRe5EIY8)

Commit message:

keeping only apps not on the play store

README.md, after:

# DaydreamExperiencesArchive
By the death of the Google virtual reality platform called Daydream, a bunch of great Games / Experiments that were downloadable from the Google Play store just disappear from it, leaving customer with an empty virtual reality catalog. This Repo is here to Archive those Games that we lost the ability to play / enjoy !

If you want to discuss about this Repo / Daydream join us on the r/daydream subreddit !
### The goal of this is not to get cracked apps, It's to have a place where we can put games/apps that are not on the play store anymore (like 50% of good daydream games)

made with 💙

for copyright problems, just send me an email : dea.request@gmail.com

## Games / Experiments available:
### [Blade Runner: Revelations](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.2.1295)
Blade Runner: Revelations is a 2018 VR game developed by Seismic Games and published by Alcon Entertainment for the Google Daydream.
The game takes place in 2023 Los Angeles and follows the player character, Blade Runner Harper, in an investigation into the human-replicant conflict.
### [![Blade Runner: Revelations download Button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blade%20Runner%3A%20Revelations-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.2.1295) [![Blade Runner: Revelations Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-red)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqnSBgSSr7A)

### [Ultrawings]()
Ultrawings is the first open-world flight simulation game that allows you to use your virtual hands to fly different types of aircraft. Take part in various missions in a beautiful world with islands!
### [![Ultrawings download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ultrawings-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.048) [![Ultrawings Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-informational)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjC0p_RJDBM)

### [Wands](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.3.3.2)
WANDS® is a first person VR experience that offers fast paced magic duels against other players online. Equip your wand with a wide variety of spells and battle other Wielders for fame, power and glory in the fantastic realms of The Beyond. Explore new spells and hone your skills in your secret workshop in between battles.
### [![Wands download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wands-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.3.3.2) [![Wands Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-orange)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATRv_Ewj-SA)

### [Untethered](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.0.1rc3)
Unravel the mystery of Untethered, a Daydream exclusive and also quirky episodic VR series mixing comics and radio drama, into a videogame you can talk to. Using your own voice to talk to characters, and also your trusty laser pointer arm to interact with the world.
### [![Untethred VR download button](https://img.shields.io/badge/Untethered-Download-brightgreen)](https://github.com/nnnzo/DaydreamExperiencesArchive/releases/tag/v1.0.1rc3) [![Untethred VR Trailer Video button](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Trailer%20Video-yellow)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0ruRe5EIY8)
